Workaround for clean repository after install yarn (#7)
Easy-Systems/documentations: CONTRIBUTING.md

4. After downloading/cloning the repository, run `yarn install` in the root(path_to\docusaurus) of the repository. 
	- This will install all dependencies as well as build all local packages.

5. To start a development server, run `yarn run start`

> [!TIP]
> After installing Yarn, you will have a lot of changed files. To hold the repository clean without commits it is recommended to add them to the global excludefiles list.
> Inside the .gitconfig you need to add the path to the global .gitignore
>```
>[core]

> >	excludesfile = C:/Users/warsh/.gitignore_global

Reviewer: Maybe instead of your windows username write something like: `C:/Users/YOUR_NAME_HERE/.gitignore_global`
```suggestion
>	excludesfile = C:/Users/YOUR_NAME_HERE/.gitignore_global
```

>```

> > Also ther is a file thats can´t be added to the list,this file need to be hidn with this run command 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Also there is a file thats can´t be added to the list, this file need to be hidden with this run command:
```
Here is a typo.
